# Project-Test-Drive
Autonomus vehilce adoption has been gaining traction with the general public, but this has also led to the discovery of many new saftey concerns and possible dangers when operating such vehicles. To both protect the driver and to prevent injuries due to system failures, many autonomus vehicles aim to have drivers pay some degree of attention to road conditions and the vehciles operation. Currently, Tesla tries to promote driver attention by measuring the amount of weight placed on steering wheels. The logic being that an even force applied to the sides on the steering wheel indicate the presence of hands and hence an attentive driver. However many consuemrs have figured methods to game such naive attempts of driver attention by simply attaching weights to their steering wheels instead. Other methods of tracking driver attention exist such as rearview mirror cameras that track a driver's eye movement or those that try to apply facial recognition algorithms to recognize sleeping or inattentive drivers. Such methods can be extremely invasive especially for privacy-concerned individuals and can also result in ethical concerns and issues of when drivers should be tracked. Project Test Drive proposes a method to accurately track driver attention in a non-intrusive measure by simply measuring the driver's reaction time to events that occur within the car compared to a baseline established. 

Learn more about Project Test Drive at the following mbed link:
https://os.mbed.com/users/kristyn1230/notebook/project-test-drive/
